1kam/content/team/_index.en.md, before:

---
title: "Team"
draft: false
description: "Here you can find some information abour our team."

authors:
- andreasaugustin
tags:
- team

showDate : false
showDateOnlyInArticle : false
showDateUpdated : false
showHeadingAnchors : false
showPagination : false
showReadingTime : false
showTableOfContents : false
showTaxonomies : false
showWordCount : false
showSummary : false
sharingLinks : false
showEdit: false
showViews: false
showLikes: false
showAuthor: true
layoutBackgroundHeaderSpace: false
---

| **avatar** | **name** | **position** | **description** |
| ---------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| ![steve](img/steve.png) | **steve0101** | **leader** | Steve is like a match - short and quick to light! Patience is not necessarily one of his top qualities, but when you really need him, he is the Hulk of helpfulness and throws himself into the job with full power! |
| ![kaz](img/kaz.png) | **Kaz Grey**| **warlord** | Kaz Grey, the guard dog who can not only bark but also bite - and as soon as he does that, things really start to get heated. He is the alarm and the fire at the same time! |
| ![sweet](img/sweetWW.png) | **SweetWW** | **Muse** | Sweet, loyal as long as the price is right, with a horse's head, a big mouth and an even bigger gun on the go! |
| ![brigade](img/brigade18.png) | **Brigade18** | **Buttler** | Brigade, a grumbling bear, a rock in the surf. When he smells honey from a commander, there is no stopping him and the base is leveled faster than you can shout "Stop!" |
| ![tania](img/tania.png) | **Tania1702** | | Tania, who always hits 3x12 with precision, but sometimes misses the target in conversations - maybe it's because she prefers shooting at targets rather than words? |
| ![ak1291](img/ak1291.png) | **ak1291** | | AK, recruited from outside, quickly rose to R4 and rightly so! Career ladder was taken in a sprint, just like enemy bases are attacked. |
| ![cat](img/cat.png) | **Catville** | | Catville, a paradise for cats, is crazy about boxes like all cats - meow, meow, meow....get it? |
| ![hydra](img/hydra.jpg) | **Ancienthydra** | | Hydra, the man who speaks little but smells everything with a nose like a bloodhound - he came, he saw and he knows where the diamonds are! |
| ![chris](img/chris.jpg) | **ChrisKes3112** | | ChrisKes, the man of few words. But no problem, his actions speak louder than his words! |
| ![mimi](img/mimi.jpg) | **Mimi15** | | Mimi, founder, mum and mind all in one - true proof that multitasking is the real trick in every situation. |
| ![andz](img/andz.jpg) | **andzandz** | | Andzandz, our walking encyclopedia. He can recite half of the Wiki articles by heart, but is at war with numbers |

Commit message:

feat: add sebo
Signed-off-by: Andy Augustin <dev@andreas-augustin.org>

1kam/content/team/_index.en.md, after:

---
title: "Team"
draft: false
description: "Here you can find some information abour our team."

authors:
- andreasaugustin
tags:
- team

showDate : false
showDateOnlyInArticle : false
showDateUpdated : false
showHeadingAnchors : false
showPagination : false
showReadingTime : false
showTableOfContents : false
showTaxonomies : false
showWordCount : false
showSummary : false
sharingLinks : false
showEdit: false
showViews: false
showLikes: false
showAuthor: true
layoutBackgroundHeaderSpace: false
---

| **avatar** | **name** | **position** | **description** |
| ---------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| ![steve](img/steve.png) | **steve0101** | **leader** | Steve is like a match - short and quick to light! Patience is not necessarily one of his top qualities, but when you really need him, he is the Hulk of helpfulness and throws himself into the job with full power! |
| ![kaz](img/kaz.png) | **Kaz Grey**| **warlord** | Kaz Grey, the guard dog who can not only bark but also bite - and as soon as he does that, things really start to get heated. He is the alarm and the fire at the same time! |
| ![sweet](img/sweetWW.png) | **SweetWW** | **Muse** | Sweet, loyal as long as the price is right, with a horse's head, a big mouth and an even bigger gun on the go! |
| ![brigade](img/brigade18.png) | **Brigade18** | **Buttler** | Brigade, a grumbling bear, a rock in the surf. When he smells honey from a commander, there is no stopping him and the base is leveled faster than you can shout "Stop!" |
| ![tania](img/tania.png) | **Tania1702** | | Tania, who always hits 3x12 with precision, but sometimes misses the target in conversations - maybe it's because she prefers shooting at targets rather than words? |
| ![ak1291](img/ak1291.png) | **ak1291** | | AK, recruited from outside, quickly rose to R4 and rightly so! Career ladder was taken in a sprint, just like enemy bases are attacked. |
| ![cat](img/cat.png) | **Catville** | | Catville, a paradise for cats, is crazy about boxes like all cats - meow, meow, meow....get it? |
| ![hydra](img/hydra.jpg) | **Ancienthydra** | | Hydra, the man who speaks little but smells everything with a nose like a bloodhound - he came, he saw and he knows where the diamonds are! |
| ![mimi](img/mimi.jpg) | **Mimi15** | | Mimi, founder, mum and mind all in one - true proof that multitasking is the real trick in every situation. |
| ![sebo](img/sebo.png) | **Seborianer** | | Seborianer, the man who invented politeness, writer of the good word. But when the call to the raid is heard, two fists of hello fly - natti snatti |
| ![andz](img/andz.jpg) | **andzandz** | | Andzandz, our walking encyclopedia. He can recite half of the Wiki articles by heart, but is at war with numbers |

## Wall of honor

| **avatar** | **name** | **details** | **description** |
| ---------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| ![chris](img/chris.jpg) | **ChrisKes3112** | Chris was for a long time an active R4 member | ChrisKes, the man of few words. But no problem, his actions speak louder than his words! |
